Archiving page with s3 options (#1176)
Graylog2/documentation: pages/archiving/usage.rst

* :ref:`Web Interface <archive-create-web-interface>`
* :ref:`Index Retention <archive-create-index-retention>`
* :ref:`REST API <archive-create-rest-api>`

> * :ref:`Graylog s3 <archive-create-graylog-object-storage>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`S3 Archiving <archive-create-graylog-object-storage>`
```

Reviewer: I would always capitalize `S3`

+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+                                                 
| AWS Assume Role (ARN)       | This is an optional input for             |
|                             | alternate authentication mechanisms.      |      
+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+     
| Bucket Name                 | The name of the s3 bucket                 |     
+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+     
| Spool Directory             | Temporary name for the archiving process  |    
+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+     
| AWS Region                  | Choose *Automatic* or configure the       |
|                             | appropriate option                        |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| s3 Output Base Path         | Creates archive structure                 |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+

AWS Authentication Type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Graylog provides several options for granting access. You can:

> * use the *Automatic* authentication mechanism to putting this in your file system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* use the *Automatic* authentication mechanism if you provided AWS credentials through your file system or process envinronment
```
